# csci29-finalproject

For my final project, I attempted to build a Django Web application which would take in user-inputted text via a form, evaluate the degree of proanity the inputted text has and (potentially) return a cleaned version. I could not implement this product to its fullest extend within the timeline. I'm submitting whatever I've developed so far for partial credit. The web application is not live yet. 

## Instructions for demo
1. Clone this repo
2. From the root directory, run `python manage.py migrate`
3. Once migration is complete, run a development server at `python manage.py runserver`
4. This should take you to a webpage with a text form. Please type in the text and hit 'Check profanity score'
5. This should take yo to a new page, showing the text you inputted alongside a text polarity score.

## Django Web App Design
I've used the project template in Pycharm (instead of cookiecutter) as starter. I created an app named `profanity-corrector`. I used sqllite as the backend database.

### Models
My intial plan was to have 2 models
1. `User Reponses` - This will capture user inputed text via a form. It will have a timestamp which is autopopulated alongside a UUID.
2. `Modeled Responses` - This should capture the UUID from User responses as a foreign key and have the profanity score and an autogenerated text as output.
**Challenges**
I could not fix the `profanity-filter` package dependencies (which was going to be the basis for profanity detection). I spent a significant amount of time trying to configure T5 on a seperate virtual machine. As part of this alpha release, I have used a sentiment polarity score from `text_blob` as a stop gap. I am not storing this value into the models.

### Views
I have implemented 2 views here. I'm leveraging the templates to show data dynamically.
The first view has a text form which takes in user input. I'm using Django `ModelForm` and is directly saing the data into `User Responses` model. Clicking the check profanity score button would automatically redirect the user to the second view, which shows the results. For now, it shows the inputted text and the polarity scores.


## Future functionality
I intend to continue working on this project and some of the functionality which I'd like to bring in are

1. Configure s3 as the backend for Django and save the data as parquet
2. Leverage dask to compute summary statistics and publish an analytics dashboard
3. Incorporate language geenration and a better model to quantify degreee of profanity.
